("Come On Eileen" by
Dexys Midnight Runners)
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ Poor old Johnnie Ray ♪
♪ Sounded sad upon the radio ♪
♪ Moved a million hearts in mono ♪
♪ Our mothers cried ♪
♪ Sang along who'd blame them ♪
♪ You've grown ♪
♪ So grown ♪
♪ Now I must say more than ever ♪
♪ Too-ra-loo-ra ♪
♪ Too-ra-loo-rye-ay ♪
♪ And we can sing just like our fathers ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ Oh I swear ♪
♪ At this moment ♪
♪ You mean everything ♪
♪ You in that dress ♪
♪ My thoughts I confess ♪
♪ Verge on dirty ♪
♪ Ah come on Eileen ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ These people 'round here ♪
♪ Were beaten down eyes
sunk in smoke-dried face ♪
♪ They're so resigned
to what their fate is ♪
♪ But not us ♪
♪ We are far too young and clever ♪
♪ Remember ♪
♪ Too-ra-loo-ra ♪
♪ Too-ra-loo-rye-ay ♪
♪ And you'll hum this tune forever ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ Oh I swear ♪
♪ Ah come on let's ♪
♪ Take off everything ♪
♪ That pretty red dress ♪
♪ Eileen tell him yes ♪
♪ Ah come on let's ♪
♪ Ah come on Eileen please ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ta-loo-rye-ay ♪
♪ Now you're full grown ♪
♪ And now you have shown ♪
♪ Oh Eileen ♪
♪ Said come on Eileen ♪
♪ Eileen ta-loo-rye-ay ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ta-loo-rye-ay ♪
♪ Now I must say more than ever ♪
♪ Things 'round here have changed ♪
♪ I said too-ra-loo-ra ♪
♪ Too-ra-loo-rye-ay ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ Oh I swear ♪
♪ At this moment ♪
♪ You mean everything ♪
♪ You in that dress ♪
♪ My thoughts I confess ♪
♪ Verge on dirty ♪
♪ Ah come on Eileen ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ Oh I swear ♪
♪ At this moment ♪
♪ You mean everything ♪
♪ In that dress ♪
♪ Oh my thoughts I confess ♪
♪ Well they're dirty ♪
♪ Come on Eileen ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Ah come on Eileen ♪